contributing: Recommend pipenv run over python -m (#517)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/contributing/semgrep-contributing.md

## Running `semgrep`

> Make sure you are in `cli/`, then run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that you are in `cli/` directory, then issue the following command:
```

> Make sure you are in `semgrep/semgrep/`, then run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Make sure you are in `cli/`, then run:
```

`semgrep` uses [`pytest`](https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/) for testing.

To run tests, run the following command within the pipenv shell:
To run tests, run the following command:

```
python -m pytest
```

This command will run comprehensize parse tests on many open source projects. To skip these slow tests run:

```sh

> python -m pytest --ignore=tests/qa/test_public_repos.py

Author: I'm adding a default ignore for this so won't be needed
